README.md, before:

# ComicsScroller
ComicsScroller is a chrome extension which makes the comics website show all images of one chapter in the page. And it will append all the images in the next chapter in the end of pages automatically when users scroll to the bottom of the page. It also can subscribe comics and notify you when there is an update.  

ComicsScroller是一個chrome extenstion的專案  
基於node.js babel React flux less webpack  
  
在漫畫網站點進章節以後可以一次把一話的圖片全部秀出來， 
看完一話之後也會自動載入下一話的圖片，你只需要一直捲動頁面就好，  
自動記錄觀看過的章節，讓你不會忘記上次看到哪  
訂閱漫畫，漫畫更新會自動通知你  
直接跳轉本地端頁面 乾淨 無廣告 無惡意多餘javascritp程式碼   

# Support Websites
無限動漫  
http://www.8comic.com/  
SFACG  
http://comic.sfacg.com/  
動漫屋  
http://tel.dm5.com/  
http://www.dm5.com/  
http://www.manben.com/    

# Chrome Web Store
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/comics-scroller/mccpalfmlnjadfnojmphffidnbemnkec

# firefox addon (unstable)  
https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/14198036/comics-scroller.xpi  

# LICENSE
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2015 Guan-Lin Chen

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

add official web site in readme

README.md, after:

# Comics Scroller
ComicsScroller is a chrome extension which makes the comics websites show all images of one chapter in the single page. And it will append all the images in the next chapter in the end of pages automatically when users scroll to the bottom of the page. It also can subscribe comics and notify you when there is an update.  

厭倦不斷跳出廣告跟要一張一張圖片往下點的漫畫網站了嘛？  
Comics Scroller是一個chrome extenstion跟firefox addon的開源專案  
基於node.js babel React Flux Less Webpack的技術  
在漫畫網站點進章節以後可以一次把一話的圖片全部秀出來，  
看完一話之後也會自動載入下一話的圖片，你只需要一直捲動頁面就好，  
自動記錄觀看過的章節，讓你不會忘記上次看到哪  
訂閱漫畫，漫畫更新會自動通知你  
直接跳轉本地端頁面 乾淨 無廣告 無惡意多餘javascritp程式碼  

# Support Websites
無限動漫  
http://www.8comic.com/  
SFACG  
http://comic.sfacg.com/  
動漫屋  
http://tel.dm5.com/  
http://www.dm5.com/  
http://www.manben.com/    

# Chrome Web Store
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/comics-scroller/mccpalfmlnjadfnojmphffidnbemnkec

# firefox addon (unstable)  
https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/14198036/comics-scroller.xpi  

# Official Site
http://zeroshine.github.io/ComicsScroller/

# LICENSE
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2015 Guan-Lin Chen

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
